hi I'm Rachel from successful garden
design and in this short video I'm going
to tell you about the new how to design
a small guard formula
with small gardens there's a lot you can
do to make them look and feel larger and
more interesting now most people think
that it's the plants that make a real
difference but it's not plants are of
course important but they're the
finishing touch not the starting point
what really makes a difference is how
you shape the space and how you use the
landscaping materials different shaped
Gardens need you to do different things
with the shape long narrow Gardens need
totally different shapes to square wide
Gardens and if you use the wrong shapes
in your garden you can actually end up
making it look even smaller than it
already is
and the way you use the landscaping
materials also has a dramatic impact on
how large or small a garden looks now
the two Gardens shown in the picture
here were actually a similar width but
look how much larger the garden at the
bottom looks just because we've used the
materials in the right way so in the
small garden design formula I'll take
you through the entire design process
step by step showing you all the tricks
and techniques that professional
designers use I'll also show you the
design formula you can use to make
designing really simple I'll show you
which shapes to use in long Gardens wide
Golden Square and awkward shaped Gardens
will cover how to tackle changes in
level and how to create them if your
garden is flat the small garden design
formula is packed with plans showing
different size and shape gardens to give
you plenty of ideas but there's also a
deconstructed version of each plan so
you can see the underlying design shapes
more easily and this will help you
understand what makes the design work
the small garden design formula is
completely online you have instant
access so no waiting for the postman and
you can download it and view it on your
iPad your Mac or PC and the formula
includes a full-color 97 page PDF ebook
which you can download and that walk you
through the entire process step by step
and there's also its your galleries of
gardens for video tutorials because it
makes a big difference seeing someone
demonstrate and walk you through the
process than just reading around
something and also included in the small
garden formula you get how to survey
your garden which shows you exactly how
to measure and survey your garden
correctly and draw a scale plan which is
vital to do otherwise the garden just
won't fit when you come to Bill
it and finally the small garden design
formula comes with a 60-day money-back
guarantee so if you're not entirely
satisfied you can have a full refund so
you've got nothing to lose so I really
hope you give small garden design
formula ago as I know it will totally
help you transform your garden into
something you'll really love and by
learning this really simple design
formula you'll save yourself hundreds on
either hiring a designer or buying the
wrong things for your garden so go and
download your copy now I know the
information that is contained in this
course and book will help you to really
create a stunning garden